PROCESS GUI README
Tom Miller 09/14

--Setup--
Currently the only way to access the GUI is by running the
development server locally.

The is a script 'rungui.sh' that should automate this. Just
type './rungui.sh' and the GUI should start. There will be
a pause the first time while the server is started.

To launch the server manually:
You need to add the django library to your PYTHONPATH. If you are working
on the Fusion Unix Network, you can do this by running the line
export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:'/home/tmiller/django/Django-1.7/build/lib/'

then start the server by typing
python manage.py runserver
in the top level directory of the project.

The GUI should now be visible if you open a web browser (on the same
machine only) and navigate to 127.0.0.1:8000


--Using GUI--
Currently you can upload two files. One file that is available for
editing, and a reference file that can be used to compare variables
between one file and another. Differences should be highlighted in 
red. Both files start at default values when you first open the page.

Each variable is listed with its current value, followed by the
reference value and a short description. A longer description
should appear if you hover over the short description.

The Constraint Equations and Iteration Variables sections have
checkboxes that can be used to add and remove equations and
variables from icc and ixc. neqns and nvar are calculated automatically.

Variables listed in more than one place in the GUI should automatically
sync their values - editing the variable in one place should change
the value in every place the variable appears.

The two buttons 'Expand all' and 'Close all' open and close every module
heading. This can be useful if you want to search for a variable name
with Ctrl-f


--IN.DAT format--
The 'Save' button in the GUI should offer you the choice to open the file
with a text editor or save the file. Your web browser might save
the file in a 'Downloads' folder without prompting you. This can be changed
in your web browser settings.

The IN.DAT is produced with a similar layout to the GUI, with every variable
listed in alphabetical order under module headings.

Comments should appear next to each variable. In the
case of an integer switch, the program will try and work out the meaning of
the value selected. This will be placed after an asterix in the comment eg.
idensl = 7       * Switch for density limit to enforce * greenwald limit

If you want to convert an old IN.DAT file to this format without manually
opening and saving the file in the GUI, running the newindat.py file in lib/
will do this. Use as ./newindat.py OLD_IN.DAT NEW_IN.DAT

